[Music]
hey what's up guys have you here for
Incheon Ching land of Harper and spicy
food and raised in Canada land of sweets
I'm joined here today by Laura I'm
asking why University of student did you
know that Jim Crow is renowned for the
best cafeteria food in all of China
nowhere to have some lunch I am so
hungry I'm glad you asked let's go okay
okay so we're here at Sipan we're gonna
try my favorite Peking duck is that
kickin values and roasted duck it
doesn't have salt but I feel like it's
got the crispy skin and it's made in
Peking so I eat this nearly every day
you do yeah really
I'm getting on crunchy skin tendon meat
and like juicy juicy may pair it with
some rice what would you give this I
would give it a 10 out of 10 that's
actually my favorite dish okay should we
move on to the plum juices this is only
made yeah that's right
it's a little bit salad but not too sour
with a little bit of sweetness which is
perfect it's perfect for hot sunny days
like today we've been sweating around
talking from the different canteen yeah
best drink here I mean I still like
water water gets a 10 out of 10 for me
though the struggles of working out guys
okay so Jean let's go it's gonna be
delicious mouth-watering food that
you'll never forget I'm gonna show you
these secrets and when you come here for
the first time you'll know where to take
your friends all right let's get and
we're gonna go up to the fourth floor
where the spicy food is so I'm from
Chongqing and that's a land of hotpot
and spicy food so this canteen is the
only spicy food place that I know of on
campus I love it right now I'm gonna
take you to my favorite food so funny
funny thing we just got kicked out of
the canteen because we don't have a
permit to film so uh we brought the food
outside and we're gonna try for the
first time this is called lots of cheap
so it's like a chili chicken
it's got spices it's got the mods on the
stroll oh I know it's like tongue
numbing tongue numb the edges okay
you're the spicy do my tongue anymore do
you wanna have a go and have a chili
mmm you can handle it that's for
decoration that's not for you find out
how you did hmm this is so good
not really good that's good mmm I'll
give this a solid 8.2 okay it's pretty
authentic let's go to the next place on
hopefully you won't get kicked out okay
guys we're a team showing you in and
they have this what is it what see what
have a super business I got this seaweed
and rinse ooh let's try it
that's too pretty well yeah I fight like
this so you can really taste the ribs so
then there's a hint of seaweed that's
coming through this particular soup
compared to the other one the other
cafeterias it's not as oily so it's
quite good
how much was it
oh I don't know I think maybe 650
that's a good dollar I would give this
like a solid like eight point nine to
eight point nine to I would give it a
solid eight I got this special thing
okay
this is called a pouch yet
this is called a nosh this is called a
and these are all Chinese desserts a
product for you
let's try this
[Music]
you barely took a bite it's not even a
doughnut it's just fried dough I think
if you come here you've got to get this
- and then get out let's go with some
fresh water yes we got this from the
canteen it was super cheap I was only
like three yes you like it I love it
the watermelon here is so juicy yeah
it's so sweet
it's like perfect every time I think we
have good watermelon pickers at uni hmm
force of watermelon come to Qing hua
every day so good best fruit here
another time Kenan hey isn't this all
you want
yeah
we finished the watermelon it was a seed
you see you loved it
perfect ending to our full course meal
yeah okay so I want to thank you for
watching you guys always show love I
love it so come down below which food
was your favorite today and what do you
want to eat here and share some Louis
Laura give her a compliment or something
yeah anything else to say no thank you
so much for watching
what okay he wants you to subscribe to
his YouTube channel do and hopefully we
can get to a thousand by the end of
month
yeah end of the month okay let's do it
guys
[Music]